# Profit-Maximization-in-Edge-Cloud-Storage-System-using-Dynamic-Space-Partitioning-with-Erasure-C

This repository contains the codebase and datasets for the proposed work on DSPE: Profit Maximization in Edge-Cloud Storage System using Dynamic Space Partitioning with
Erasure Code
---

## ðŸ“ Directory Structure

### 1. `Datasets/`
Contains all the datasets used in the experiments.

  - `RequestTrace_0R.txt`: Dataset generated from DataGeneration.cpp
  - `netflix_input1.txt`: Netflix Dataset.
  - `input1.txt`: Spotify dataset.
  - `RequestTraceSched.txt`: Output file generated by DSP.cpp
  - `eS_to_eS.txt`: ES to ES distance matrix.
  - `aP_to_eS.txt`: AP to ES distance matrix.
  - `aP_eS_dis.txt`: direct connection indicator matrix for AP and ES.
  - `eS_eS_dis.txt`: direct connection indicator matrix for ES and ES.
  - `c_eS_dis.txt`: direct connection indicator matrix for CC and ES.
   - 
- **User Request/**
  - Each User Request contains 5 fields:
    - `arr_time`: arrival time of request.
    - `X_id`: Content id requested.
    - `deadline`: deadline for the request.
    - `AP`: Access Point on which request arrived .
    - `Profit`: profit from the request.

---

### 2. `Code/`
Contains the implementation of all algorithms.

-> " DSP.cpp ": Split No Erasure method. Read/generate real-life or synthetic dataset to run on sepefic dataset.
-> " E and DSPE.cpp ": No Split with Erasure and Split with Erasure method. 
-> ` netflix.cpp`: for running code on real-life dataset i.e. for both netflix and spotify dataset.
->   Load_Requests function is used to read dataset. Change file_name to run on specific file.
-> E and DSPE is method in which we have tried to both
	- (1) split into public and private section only.
	- (2) split into public and private + spitting private section also (DSPE).
	- used function nospilt for the first method.
	- uesd function split for the second method. 

---

## ðŸ”§ Usage

- **Compile the C++ files** with `g++`:
  ```bash
  g++ infinitebattery_offline.cpp -o infinitebattery
  ./infinitebattery
